Add Token Endpoint Response without a credential claim (#30)
mattrglobal/oidc-client-bound-assertions-spec: spec.md

}
```

## Token Endpoint Response

Successful and Error Authentication Response are in the same manor as [OpenID Connect Core 1.0](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-core-1_0.html) with the `code` parameter always being returned with the Authorization Code Flow.

On Request to the Token Endpoint the `grant_type` value MUST be `authorization_code` inline with the Authorization Code Flow and the `code` value included as a parameter.

> The following is a non-normative example of a response from the token endpoint. The novelty being that the returned `access_token` may now be used at the `credential` endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following is a non-normative example of a response from the token endpoint, whereby the `access_token` authorizes the relying party to request a `credential` from the credential endpoint.
```

Author: Looks good to me except:

"authorizes the ~~relying party~~ *holder*" ?
